{
    "content": "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"UTF-8\"?> <?oxygen RNGSchema=\"http://www.tei-c.org/cms/system/modules/org.tei.www/_common/schemas/teilite.rnc\" type=\"compact\"?> <TEI xmlns=\"http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0\" rend=\"home\">      <teiHeader>         <fileDesc>             <titleStmt>                 <title>TEI Workgroups</title>             </titleStmt>             <editionStmt>                  <edition>                     <date>12 March 2005</date>                 </edition>             </editionStmt>             <publicationStmt>                 <authority>The Text Encoding Initiative</authority>             </publicationStmt>             <sourceDesc>                  <p>No source</p>             </sourceDesc>         </fileDesc>         <profileDesc> </profileDesc>         <revisionDesc>             <change when=\"2013-12-28\" who=\"KSH\">Ad-hoc committee on TEI for Google Books now inactive</change>             <change when=\"2013-07-01\" who=\"KSH\">Ad-hoc Committee on Encoding of Bibliographic Citations has completed its work.</change>             <change when=\"2012-12-22\" who=\"KSH\">Added Text Directionality Workgroup</change>             <change when=\"2012-05-14\" who=\"KSH\">Added TEI Pointer/Stand-off mark up working group</change>             <change when=\"2012-02-19\" who=\"KSH\">Added Ad-hoc committee on TEI for Google Books.</change>             <change when=\"2011-04-21\" who=\"KSH\">Fixed more typos.</change>             <change when=\"2011-04-17\" who=\"KSH\">Corrected \"Lite\" to \"Tite\"</change>             <change when=\"2011-04-16\" who=\"KSH\">Gave context on workgroups vs. SIGs, added FS group, moved PERS and PB to the list of                 those that have concluded, added biblio and Tite groups.</change>             <change when=\"2007-04-22\" who=\"CJR\">Converted to P5</change>             <change when=\"2006-01-20\" who=\"CJR\">Draft</change>         </revisionDesc>      </teiHeader>     <text>          <body>              <p> The main purpose of a TEI Workgroup is to formally recommend extensions or                 modifications to the TEI Guidelines. Workgroups are not the only mechanism for                 proposing extensions or modifications to the Guidelines. Council decided at its                 meeting in April 2008 in Galway to rely on SIGs when possible in order to involve a                 broader community of users. Furthermore, users of the TEI are always welcome to                 submit feature requests and bug reports through SourceForge.</p>              <p>The following workgroups are currently active under the aegis of the TEI                 Council: <list type=\"gloss\">                      <label><ref target=\"http://wiki.tei-c.org/index.php/Text_Directionality_Workgroup\">Text                          Directionality Workgroup</ref></label>                     <item>This group tasked by the TEI Council with developing a new section for the                          Guidelines on recommendations for encoding a variety of textual features related                          to text directionality and orientation.</item>                      <label>TEI Pointer/Stand-off Markup Working Group</label>                     <item>The TEI Pointer/Stand-off Markup Working Group (Gabriel Bodard, Martin Holmes,                          Piotr Ba\\ufffd\\ufffdski, Laurent Romary, Syd Bauman, and Hugh Cayless) will eventually propose                          to TEI Technical Council that the specifications of the various pointer and XPointer                          methods in the Guidelines be improved, both (a) by the addition of                          concrete examples of the use of TEI pointer and other schemes, and some                          guidance as to which are appropriate in different contexts (and indeed                          in combination), and (b) by technical description, including examples,                          of precisely what an implementation of the TEI pointer schemes is                          expected to do.</item>                                          <label>Task Force for TEI Tite</label>                     <item>This group (Kevin Hawkins, Perry Trolard, and Greg Suprock) was charged in                         September 2010 with realigning the version of Tite used by Apex CoVantage                         with the canonical version maintained in SourceForge and overseeing ongoing                         evolution of Tite. Proposals are being made in SourceForge.</item>                  </list>             </p>             <p>The following workgroups have concluded their activity:                 <list type=\"gloss\">                      <label>Ad-hoc committee on TEI for Google Books</label>                     <item>This group (James Cummings, Martin Holmes, Kevin Hawkins, and Laurent Romary)                          was charged in September 2011 with providing guidance to an engineer from Google                          who is working on adding TEI as an export format for Google Books. Its work was taken over by the TEI                         sub-group of the Google Library Quality working group (composed of representatives of Google's Library                          Partners).</item>                                          <label><ref                             target=\"http://wiki.tei-c.org/index.php/Ad-hoc_committee_on_encoding_of_bibliographic_citations\"                             >Ad-hoc Committee on Encoding of Bibliographic Citations</ref></label>                     <item>This subgroup of the Council (Martin Holmes, Kevin Hawkins, and Laurent                         Romary) was charged in February 2010 with writing a proposal to make it                         clear how to use biblScope for various types of bibliographic citations. The                         committee has expanded its mission to include a clarification on recommended                         use of bibl, biblStruct, and biblFull and their child elements. It completed its work in March 2013.</item>                      <label>                         <ref target=\"PERS/\">Personography Workgroup</ref>                     </label>                     <item> Chartered in January 2006; chaired by Matthew Driscoll.</item>                      <label>                         <ref target=\"PB/\">Physical Bibliography Workgroup</ref>                     </label>                     <item>Chartered in May 2004; chaired by Murray McGillivray. </item>                      <label>                         <ref target=\"CE/\">Character Encoding Workgroup</ref>                     </label>                     <item>Chaired by Christian Wittern; completed its recommendations in January                         2005.</item>                      <label>                         <ref target=\"FS/\">Feature Structures Workgroup</ref>                     </label>                     <item>A joint activity with ISO/TC 37/SC 4 to revise the two chapters of the                         Guidelines on feature structures and propose a version of these chapters as                         ISO 24610; completed its work in October 2005.</item>                      <label>                         <ref target=\"META/\">Metalanguage Workgroup</ref>                     </label>                     <item>Tasked to produce recommentatiosn on the XML vocabulary and other                         mechanisms used to encode the Guidelines. Chaired by Sebastian Rahtz;                         completed tasks in February 2005.</item>                     <label>                         <ref target=\"MI/\">Migration Workgroup</ref>                     </label>                      <item> Tasked to produce recommendations on conversion of legacy TEI data from                         SGML to XML. Chaired by Chris Ruotolo; completed tasks in January 2005. </item>                     <label>                         <ref target=\"SO/\">Stand-Off Markup Workgroup</ref>                     </label>                     <item>Chaired by David Durand.</item>                      <label>                         <ref target=\"MS/\">Manuscript Description Task Force</ref>                     </label>                     <item>Completed December 2005. </item>                 </list>             </p>               <!--          <label>                 <ref target=\"../I18N/\">Internationalization and Localization Project</ref>                 </label>                 <item>A project to develop an infrastructure for translating the TEI Guidelines into                 other languages, and to produce translations in several high priority languages.                 Initiated in October 2005; managed by Sebastian Rahtz.</item>                                  <label><ref target=\"FS/\">Joint ISO-TEI activity on Feature Structures</ref>: chaired by                 Kiyong Lee. Completed with publication of ISO 26410-1 in January 2006. </item>                                  <item>                 <ref target=\"GD/\">Proposed activity on revising Graphs and Diagrams chapter of P4</ref>                 </item>                                  <div id=\"subcommittees\">                 <head>Board Subcommittees</head>                 <p>The TEI Board set up a Training Subcommittee (Geoff Rockwell, Sebastian Rahtz, Perry                 Willett, and Julia Flanders), which produced a <ref target=\"../Board/bmr05.txt\">Preliminary                 Report</ref> in May 2002, and a <ref target=\"tsp01.xml\">Call for Proposals</ref> in July                 2002. </p>                 <p>A Member Services Subcommittee (Peter Robinson, David Seaman, and Julia Flanders) was                 also proposed, to address the question of TEI Certification and Consultancy, but has not                 met. </p>                 </div>  -->          </body>      </text> </TEI> ", 
    "identity": {
        "subtype": "", 
        "is_error": false, 
        "version": "", 
        "protocol": "", 
        "language": "", 
        "service": "", 
        "has_dataset": false, 
        "has_metadata": false
    }, 
    "digest": "7318bef1ea1b658a91e473b1cdb0bac7", 
    "source_url": "http://www.tei-c.org/Activities/Workgroups/index.xml?style=raw"
}